Positive Tweets 
1. i am seeing avengers endgame tonight pray for me 
2. dellemc UDUDellEMCAvengers Attending the Avengers Endgame premier Yeees 
3. Join us every Thursday at TATE s Gaming Satellite for Dungeons amp Dragons Adventurer s League sessions Yes even w 
4. Tilton Square Theatre is freakin beautiful inside What a pleasure for me and the bros to watch Avengers Endgame I 
5. The time has finally come ME AND MY BOO ARE WATCHING AVENGERS ENDGAME TONIGHT IM PREPARED BUT IM NOT EMOTIONALLY PREPARED 
6. Went to see Avengers Endgame tonight SPOILER ALERT have a wee cameo Yes LOVE IT AvengersEngame beer 
7. Amazing 
8. The best time to go to the cinemas is on a weekday morning alone endgame avengers 
9. Kingsfan Hello im a rapper from UK n was inspired by Avengers Endgame Trailer and avengers journey to releas 
10. To cool so much fun 
11. It s called a nervous wee This would of be so helpful Finally the Avengers Endgame bathroom guide is here 
12. Quite possibly the greatest hours of media Truly remarkable Avengers Endgame AvengersEndgame 
13. Super excited for avengers endgame 
14. That Avengers final battle Wow 
15. Avengers Endgame is going to make more opening weekend than Justice League did in its entire run Just putting that out there 
16. I m excited for Endgame coming out tomorrow And this is my st tweet like the year in years 
17. LIVE Not watching Avengers Endgame tonight That s cool Me neither Come do some dungeons with me instead 
18. more days hanggang matiis ko yung avengers endgame so far i haven t seen someone tweet or post it elsewhere this is good 
19. First three students to their YTH Pastor and tell them why they love them will win tickets to see Avengers Endgam 
20. Ready for Avengers Endgame 
21. Are you ready for the AvengersEndame twitter chat How about the movie Here s my no spoiler review 
22. Marvel Avengers Endgame Whatever It Takes T Shirt 
23. I scavenged so hard to find a theater that actually had seats left for the Avengers Endgame and I actually got a good couple seats 
24. Avengers Endgame spoiler last chance to Watch Vegas Social while its in 
25. So glad I m off tomorrow go buy me some Jordan s from the west side of Chicago on Saturday go see Avengers Endgame 
26. Thanks for the memories these past years Stan Kevin Robert Chris Hemsworth all of you The endgame is n 
27. We are in the Endgame now Century Clackamas Town Center amp XD for Avengers Endgame in Happy Valle 
28. Congratulations on the release of the highest grossing movie of all time AvengersEndgame 
29. AvengersEndgame GameOfThornes Don t spoil EndGame Don t spoil GOT Be a better person 
30. The time has come folks made it hours of Marvel movies down AvengersEndgame to go 
31. Made listen to End Game by Taylor Swift on repeat during the drive to Avengers Endgame today 
32. I m at United Artists Court Street amp RPX for Avengers Endgame D in Brooklyn NY 
33. I think Avengers endgame is possibly the best film I ve ever seen 
34. Avengers Endgame is awesome Congrats to Marvel for the amazing MCU AvengersEndgame NoSpoilersEndgame 
35. Logging out of Twitter until I see avengers endgame I m not risking any spoilers 
36. Endgame NoSpoilers Not a dry eye in the Theatre Thank you for your service 
37. Currently at the theaters about to watch Avengers endgame with myself yes this is a subtweet about how lame my friends are for not coming 
38. Somehow both nothing I d expected but everything I d hoped for Avengers Endgame 
39. At the end I have to say thank you for this amazing masterpiece and for making my life better for th 
40. Aight I m curious af Will you be seeing Avengers Endgame 
41. I am getting super excited for Avengers Endgame Who else remembers scoffing at Marvel Disney when they said they 
42. Hey internet can you not post Avengers Endgame spoilers please 
43. Number in our Endgame Top movie poster countdown the Dolby Cinema poster Love the look of this one Very dif 
44. Avengers Endgame Movie Online Free Avengers Endgame Full HD Movie Online Free 
45. Avengers Endgame Is Like Samuel Beckett in Space 
46. Got back from the greatest super hero movie ever made years of greatness and Brothers ou 
47. What do critics think about AvengersEndgame The spoiler free round up NerdistNews 
48. Yal ready for that Endgame yeah me too AvengersEngame Avengers 
49. I got nothing to plug so just don t spoil Avengers Endgame for your friends who haven t seen it yet 
50. And now it s only one more sleep to Endgame Yes I combined a paraphrase of a Muppet Christmas Carol lyric wit 
51. Avengers Endgame is the most ambitious crossover event of all time Me 
52. Got my next two days planned out Thursday Captain Marvel and then Friday Avengers so excited marvel 
53. Why do cinemas sell nacho chips They are literally the noisiest food Im going to open a food free cinema 
54. ENDGAME TOMORROW AND IM SO EXCITED AvengersEndgame 
55. Before Avengers Endgame arrives a look back at Marvel s box office hits 
56. The Stars of Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame Play a Drawing Game via 
57. Just watch Endgame I somehow dont think it was as good as InfinityWar I find loop holes in the director plot es 
58. Avengers Endgame is such a shitty thing to flake on the day before Like come on Good thing idc about going to movies alone lol 
59. Avengers endgame is literally the best movie in history of movies 
60. Going to see Endgame tomorrow the excitement is kicking in Insane episode of Game Of Thrones in the same week I m prepared 
61. Wow I know so much about Avengers Endgame now 
62. Link de torrent Avengers Endgame AvengersEndgame spoiler free 
63. Avengers endgame is the best movie of the year istg 
64. In the comics Santa Clause is the most powerful mutant To help him out the Avengers gave him the infinity gauntl 
65. Gotham series finale and Avengers Endgame in the same week What a beautiful week 
66. EndGame was such an amazing conclusion to this movie adventure This movie hit everyone in the feels f 
67. Here we Go We are ready T days for endgame whateverittakes avengers mcu 
68. thank you MarvelStudios thank you every cast directors and all crews of this amazing movie Thank you for make 
69. Fun Box Office tidbit Avengers Endgame is already at a minimum on the international box office 
70. Thank you for posting proof of tickets and cinema screens on your snapchat stories to show that you are indeed watching Avengers Endgame 
71. Zoe Saldana stuns in violet dress at the Avengers Endgame premiere via 
72. aye I ain t even gonna hold u big dog bless a nigga cash app for avengers endgame kingbump BOW 
73. My love letter to the MCU Endgame isn t simply the culmination of a decades worth of storytelling but the final s 
74. I wish I could talk to people about endgame but I cant because no one has seen it Still in awe of the whole thing 
75. Avengers Endgame Is Like Samuel Beckett in Space 
76. Avengers Endgame Is Like Samuel Beckett in Space 
77. See I told you people I m Captain Marvel LOL 
78. is there any way that I could get this Target Exclusive Funko POP amp Tee Collectors Box It s a Mar 
79. Avenger s Endgame surpasses million in China on opening day Cinelytic s platform helps you greenlight with 
80. Avengers endgame is absolutely brilliant 
81. Chris Pratt amp Katherine Schwarzenegger Finally Made Their Red Carpet Debut as an Engaged Couple 
82. I HEARD that Hawkeye is amazing in Avengers Endgame and obviously I m not surprised but also I m SOOOO excited 
83. New from E Man s Movie Reviews by Emmanuel Noisette Avengers Endgame Spoiler Free Reaction 
84. Review Avengers Endgame Is Above All Else a Triumph of Corporate Synergy Slant Magazine 
85. AvengersEndgame is the opposite of that feeling when someone reposts your stuff and gets more likes than you Endgame EndgameSpoliers 
86. MARVELnews GeekNews MarvelRP JoshBrolin Shared Am Pic Of Thanos 
87. Avengers Endgame reviews praise an epic emotional conclusion 
88. Avengers Endgame is an amazing flex by Marvel 
89. Avengers Endgame is an Emotional Journey of the Past Years Check out s AvengersEndgame review 
90. The team may just happen to be huge nerds so here s a heads up We re shutting up early today 
91. Rewatching AvengersInfinityWar and I still get chills when the gloriously bearded Cap emerges from the shadows 
92. I don t care whether Endgame is good or bad I just need to know whether it gets the Avengers out of my sight for at least years 
93. I never got around to watching Thor The Dark World will I be okay for Avengers Endgame 
94. Okay I m really really really going to try and stay off social media this week nospoilers Avengers EndGame 
95. Happy Avengers Endgame Day 
96. In honor of this weeks Avengers Endgame release via r jambands 
97. Avengers Endgame Has No After Credits Scene But There Is Something At The End 
98. Excited to finally watch Avengers Endgame today April EasterWednesday Cheers AvengersEndgame 
99. Review With humor and heart Avengers Endgame is a fitting send off for Marvel s superheroes The Washington 
100. We are just days away from film bros calling for an academy award best picture nomination for avengers endgame 
101. Oh my goodness AvengersEndgame 
102. Just got my tickets to see Endgame at midnight on Thursday because I have serious trust issues with all o 
103. Less than hours to go before I get to see endgame so freakin excited AvengersEndgame 
104. Awesome review Scott Best movie critic in the biz 
105. I liked CaptainMarvel a lot more the second time I ve now officially watched all the MarvelStudios movies in ord 
106. Marvel President Kevin Feige Hints At Shang Chi In The MCU During Avengers Endgame Press Event 
107. I lowkey really want to go see Avengers Endgame on Thursday the th at the show time pm because that is goin 
108. I love in the background 
109. Avengers Endgame to be Jeremy Renner s last Marvel movie Here s what he has to say 
110. Whoever had the bright idea to put the NFL draft and Avengers Endgame release the same weekend needs to be in big trouble 
111. As Avengers Endgame starts to hit theaters this week we want to know Do you think it will be a fitting send of 
112. For Marvel fans Avengers Endgame is a spectacular final chapter 
113. I m ready InfinityWar endgame 
114. There re scene post credits Endgame avengersEndgame 
115. The Marvel Cinematic Universe comes to an end not the end but an end in this hugely entertaining ride 
116. IM SEEING ENDGAME ON SATURDAY IM SO FUCKING EXCITED IF ANYONE SPOILS IT LIKE HOW INFINITY WAR GOT SPOILED FOR ME I 
117. Collider Avengers Endgame Review An Exhilarating Epic Like You ve Never Seen Before 
118. Excited for avengers endgame 
119. Film Review Avengers Endgame Brings Years of Storytelling to a Satisfying End And Beginning 
120. Avengers Endgame Review An Exhilarating Epic Like You ve Never Seen Before 
121. Sitting in the theatre for Avengers Endgame on opening night and asking if they can just play Captain America The Winter Soldier instead 
122. I m seeing Avengers Endgame tonight and I don t think I m emotionally ready 
123. Rhythmic cheering section has too much rhythm BlackPanther MCURewatch WhateverItTakes countdowntoendgame 
124. EW Avengers Endgame Review Marvel s franchise goes out with a superhero stacked bang 
125. Wattanice IMAX MEGAMALL Avengers Endgame premiere sira ang projector GG 
126. Can t wait Spoiler free audience reviews of Avengers Endgame are here 
127. huy let s watch avengers endgame pls 
128. Comic Con The avengers endgame opening night fan event Basically the first people to watch the movi 
129. CaptainMarvel post credit scene officially released on the web by to promote AvengersEndgame 
130. Yes girl 
131. HELP so many avengers endgame pops at walmart amp idk which one to get 
132. I feel bad for the employees They better get to see this movie for free if they have to work overtime Some theat 
133. Avengers Endgame is my only motivation for this Friday 
134. Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame Red Carpet LIVE 
135. Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame LIVE Red Carpet World Premiere via 
136. In case you needed to get even more hyped for Endgame follow the thread for all the end credit scenes 
137. This week is gonna be sooooo good Got a surprise coming in by Friday going to see Avengers Endgame Thursday nigh 
138. That Lego of Hulk s hands looked like his ass lmao AvengersEndgame Avengethefallen Endgame EndgamePremiereLA 
139. Whatever it takes The Endgame is Near And by near its TOMORROW ergh im sooo excited for Avengers Endgame Il 
140. Person I hear there are going to be deaths in Avengers Endgame Avid comic book readers Um unless I see a body 
141. Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame LIVE Red Carpet World Premiere via 
142. Loving My AvengersEndgame Hat And Jacket Can t Wait To Wear It For Endgame In 
143. AvengersEndgame Endgame Hey i want my Carpet back xD PurpleCarpet 
144. Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame LIVE Red Carpet World Premiere via 
145. AMC Adds Record Number Of Round The Clock Showings For Avengers Endgame 
146. Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame LIVE Red Carpet World Premiere 
147. Love of my life avengersendgame 
148. With Endgame premiering tonight i must remind people of this video on how to avoid spoilers stay safe everyone 
149. Publishing Big thank you to Publishing a 
150. be like Lizzie and don t spoil the endgame AvengersEndgame 
151. WE HERRRRRRE AvengersEndgame EndgamePremiereLA Marvel MCU 
152. Avengers Endgame and Captain Marvel VFX Presentations Set for FMX Animation World Network 
153. How to stream every Marvel movie before Avengers Endgame 
154. Are you watching the Endgame Premiere AvengersEndgame Give us SPIDERWOMAN MARVEL 
155. Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame Red Carpet World Premiere 
156. Currently attending the premier with my love via internet We re STOKED out of our minds for Endgame 
157. Avengers endgame world premiere Okay time to deactivate accounts Wahahaha 
158. Watch s broadcast Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame Red Carpet World Premiere 
159. Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame LIVE Red Carpet World Premiere endgame 
160. Well another NFL Draft week is upon us This time around however I m just not in the groove I think the reasons 
161. Next thursday I get a new episode of RPDR the premier of avengers endgame and whatever taylor is going to do I m living my best life 
162. CaptainMarvel was released without competition if it were released in the summer or alongside better films fewer 
163. Can t believe endgame is days away years of watching marvel movies for this one film AvengersEndgame 
164. Captain Marvel And Shazam Both Just Hit Big Box Office Milestones via 
165. William The MCU handles what you say well They have darker themes that refl 
166. this week im literally seeing nct and avengers endgame oh my god 
167. We re in the endgame now Please don t misspell leaks and spoilers AvengersEndgame 
168. World Premiere of Marvel Studios AvengersEndgame Tomorrow at pm ET pm PT 
169. Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame Official Trailer via more days and then I 
170. I want to watch avengers endgame 
171. True Reminds of how in Endgame The Avengers travel back in time to the events of 
172. It s an epic film AlreadyBeen to see AvengersEndgame Time Travel lol 
173. Don t sopil the Avengers Endgame Please 
174. I just watched BlackPanther again and it was pretty cringe The acting just seems a bit off AvengersEndgame Avengers Endgame 
175. While I m excited about the movie I think it d be cool just to hang out with the cast of Endgame and go 
176. Before Avengers Endgame arrives a look back at Marvel s box office hits 
177. Perhaps after Avengers Endgame it might be fun to update your list I m a big Iron Man guy but I ve co 
178. T MINUS DAYS AvengersEndgame MarvelStudios Love Malaysia 
179. reads I m literally only going to be on social media for like days this week in between spoiler people fr 
180. dumating na yung avengers jacket ko omg I m ready for the Endgame Avengers 
181. Audi The Debriefing Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame AvengersEngame 
182. Superhero Bits Avengers Endgame Updates Coming to Marvel Games Shazam Deleted Scenes Details amp More 
183. Theaters that serve alcohol should offer a deal where you drink for free before watching Avengers They can call it 
184. Avengers Endgame Quantum Realm D Print Hoodies Sweatshirts Captain America Iron Man Zipper Hooded Casual Coat 
185. Movies for Breakfast Iron Man Review Avengers EndGame Marvel MCU BitWaffles MoviesforBreakfast 
186. Which one is your favorite 
187. days til Endgame day Dr Strange avengers avengersendgame marvel drstrange illustration 
188. Watched InfinityWar again all ready for the midnight screening of Endgame in days time AvengersEndgame 
189. Kevin Feige Considers lt i gt Spider Man Far From Home lt i gt Not lt i gt Avengers Endgame lt i gt as the End of the MCU amp s T 
190. Dear Everyone For the first time I will be watching Avengers Endgame few DAYS AFTER it comes out So i want yall 
191. Happy Avengers Endgame week fam We ve waited a year for this moment Lets go WhateverItTakes 
192. May s gonna be an awesome month for me gonna watch my two most anticipated movies of the year in Avengers endgame amp Detective Pikachu 
193. lemonade coming to spotify tuesday and seeing avengers endgame thursday yea i won 
194. Nice that there are those willing to keep quiet on spoilers regarding ENDGAME thing is you should be doing it with 
195. Fucking LOVE this thing Wearing it to the movie for sure AvengersEndGame avengers endgame ironman tonystark 
196. I m so glad they didnt give Rocket Raccoon a cockney accent Bradley Cooper did a great job and he can say he s bee 
197. why yes campbell s soup I m also excited for avengers endgame 
198. mom Did you buy the Premiere Avengers Endgame ticket me Yes mom But they were really expensive me It s not 
199. I m wayyy to close to seeing Endgame to do a complete Marvel marathon so I cut it down to my sessentials The Aven 
200. More excited for than I m sure it ll be fine but Endgame isn t reeling me in too muc 
201. is ready for Thursday endgame thanos wgsd gsd avengersendgame avengers infinitywar 
202. excited for Endgame 
203. Avengers Endgame The Marvel Cinematic Universe explained 
204. Avengers Endgame The Marvel Cinematic Universe explained 
205. Avengers Endgame The Marvel Cinematic Universe explained 
206. Avengers Endgame The Marvel Cinematic Universe explained BBC 
207. okay bye twitter instagram and facebook see you all again til endgame AvengersEndgame 
208. Aiello One of my clients is doing the hour movie marathon at a theatre in Chic 
209. Hello im a rapper from UK n was inspired by avengers endgame trailer to release an epic soundtrack 
210. Day Most anticipated film well I m going with Avengers Endgame 
211. what if in an endgame post credit scene the remaining original avengers go to eat shawarma and then say a quiet toa 
212. Said it once and I ll say it again He better take auTHORity this time thor endgame avengers comicaleb 
213. Bring diapers Avengers Endgame s Karen Gillan promises epic finale 
214. Getting ready for Avengers Endgame Studying and rewatching the Marvel movies in order 
215. Film Theory Who WON T Survive Avengers Endgame Spoiler Free Predictions 
216. AVENGERS ENDGAME Update in Marvel Mobile Games Gameplay Trailer 
217. Hello Im a rapper from UK n was inspired to do not yet done style soundtrack anthem to avengers endga 
218. How to watch all movies in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 
219. Film Theory Who WON T Survive Avengers Endgame Spoiler Free Predictions The Film Theorists 
220. CaptainMarvel strong than ever in AvengersEndgame says BrieLarson 
221. There better not be any avengers endgame spoilers or I am gonna snap 
222. Yes ready AJIOxMARVEL AvengersEndgame Endgame 
223. Hello avengers fan Im a rapper from uk n i released an epic soundtrack anthem to avengers endgame 
224. Brothers did eggs with the family tonight I think I m ready for 
225. Audi The Debriefing Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame via 
226. I ve found the Fountain of Cringe and it is ScreenRant SR thinks Thanos is problematic bc he was too likeable w 
227. Squirrel Girl in the Avengers Endgame credits or we revolt 
228. Audi The Debriefing Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame via I will stick with my pager 
229. The Three Best Theories About What Happens Next in Endgame 
230. Your move Marvel 
231. Aiello Good choice We considered doing this for the pod recently but we would ne 
232. While I have muted all talks of Avengers Endgame I have a feeling it s all I m going to talk about next week 
233. VSThanos I am ready for the Endgame AvengersEndgame Brothers realjoshbrolin 
234. Film Theory Who WON T Survive Avengers Endgame Spoiler Free Predictions AvengersEndgame Marvel Endgame 
235. Avengers Endgame Thanos Challenge Marvel VS Capcom AvengersEndgame AvengerEndgame 
236. Hello im a rapper from UK n thought u might like this Inspired by avengers endgame trailer release a 
237. WELP I DID IT I watched all marvel cinematic movies in preparation for avengers endgame next weekend Of course 
238. Avengers Endgame I might be a nerd This is the proper order to watch the Marvel movies for context Do 
239. An edm Dj encourages his fans to create art with his logo to sell and helps t 
240. Going to be re watching the Marvel movies over the next week in preparation to see Endgame Captain America 
241. Avengers Marvel actor Stellan Skarsgard reveals he won t appear in Endgame debunking popular fan theory The Inde 
242. I think people are looking at Avengers Endgame all wrong Yes its the end of the Marvel movie storyline BUT it mea 
243. Audi The Debriefing Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame Yes it s an advert but still fun 
244. Brie Larson s Captain Marvel Has Some Hilarious Plans For Thanos in Avengers Endgame 
245. Boss Also I saw this story today and it makes me think Cap is definitely dying in Endgame Why else buy h 
246. Can t wait to sit down for Avengers so I can text my friends We re in the Endgame screening now 
247. No but would you want to help me do it for the first time for endgame 
248. Me vs the guy she tells me not to worry about You guys ready for Avengers Endgame Steve is ready for sure enjo 
249. What the world wants to see Marvel AvengersEndgame comic 
250. So there s a possibility that people are sending DMs that spoils Avengers Endgame Could be just an isolated incident but be careful 
251. It s not a theory but more a fact that Taylor Swift is releasing something on April the same day as avengers end 
252. Diamond Select Toys Has a Ton of New Marvel Stuff Coming 
253. Starting my Marvel Cinematic Universe movie marathon today to prepare for Avengers Endgame It s going to be great 
254. Avengers Endgame in a few days and I m fucking ecstatic 
255. AvengersEndgame fans chant Bucky at Captain America star Chris Evans as he reflects on lost love Peggy Carter 
256. Look All I said was it would help if you had a PhD to understand my critical theory about how Avengers Endgame will end 
257. I m starting to get really emotional about Avengers Endgame approaching 
258. MTN Ghana is set to once again thrill Ghanaians with an exclusive preview of the much anticipated movie Avengers 
259. X Men Dark Phoenix Trailer Avengers Endgame and Marvel Phase Breakdown via 
260. i can t believe i m not seeing Avengers Endgame until may nd i want it NOW 
261. Nick Nurse s lineup to end the first quarter was like watching Avengers Endgame be this grand spectacle right 
262. You guys excited about Endgame Cuz I m excited about Endgame I m so excited I m doing a full month rundown on th 
263. what s more important next Thursday night NFL Draft or Avengers Endgame 
264. I would LOVE to win AvengersEndgame tickets from Sweepstakes 
265. Ok but who s going to take to see this Avengers Endgame movie 
266. Dailymail Avengers Endgame promo video with Audi features a debriefing with Captain Marvel 
267. I should pick out one of these inspired looks for when it comes out Looking forward to the rest of this series 
268. Kitty avengers avengersendgame rocket marvel endgame gotg 
269. X Men Dark Phoenix Trailer Avengers Endgame and Marvel Phase Breakdown via 
270. Robert Downey Jr calls the last minutes of Avengers Endgame the best in Marvel history 
271. Before avengers endgame comes out I d just like to take this time to remember when I fainted in the cinema halfway 
272. I wish I had a baby just so I could bring him to see Avengers Endgame and take his pacifier away of the way through the film 
273. i cant wait for avengers endgame but i hope no one spoils it for me this year bc i know i m probably gonna be watch 
274. How people feel about binging GOT before the final season is how I feel about watching Marvel movies and the Avengers Endgame premiere 
275. Avengers Endgame promo video with Audi features a debriefing with Captain Marvel 
276. I wish we had AvengersEndgame IronMan amp AvengersAgeOfUltron had post credits scenes So they d foreshadow 
277. Since Avengers Endgame is a week away here s an appreciation tweet for the original Avengers and yes I m inclu 
278. tom cosplays Hawkeye Wishing for Clint eastereggs in endgame hawkeye mcu marvel 
279. FTN spent the last hour making novelty toys to give my son s friends at his birthday party tomorrow can you spo 
280. So yes I ll be out until April th after I see it Watch out for the spoiler going around it would suck to have 
281. Ya girl is ready to go see avengers endgame next week 
282. Since Avengers Endgame is a week away here s an appreciation tweet for the original Avengers yes I m including 
283. The most liked tweet is by Obama with around million likes let s beat that by supporting Endgame Get and En 
284. MCUReviews BlackPanther Because she would be incredible in AvengersEndgame I m sure she s in it anyway but we 
285. I just got an email reminding me to get Avengers Endgame tickets Ya thanks for the email reminding me to get sold out tickets Neat 
286. Avengers Endgame s Robert Downey Jr Says He Won t Return Captain America s Shield 
287. In Avengers Endgame Spider Man s ashes will fly into Thanos eye giving an opportunity for the Avengers to kill Thanos 
288. Omg Endgame is almost here On to DoctorStrange Wow he is such an A amp amp HOLE Somehow that didn t fully register t 
289. Notice I didn t include the first two avengers movies or any of the non big heroes cap iron man Thor Endgame 
290. Audi The Debriefing Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame via I am a VW Credit 
291. We have a German exchange student for a week Really nice kid Also we talked about how Avengers Endgame is comi 
292. Ready na para sa Avengers Endgame 
293. My personal short Marvel movie list before Avengers Endgame next week Iron Man Iron man Captain America civil 
294. We re just a week away from the epic AvengersEndgame but the Marvel Movie Podcast by Phantastic Geek has episode 
295. thanks for the gender parity on the avengers endgame load screen Nice to see equal gender rep for a 
296. We ve found something The remaining have a special plan to take down Thanos in the latest trailer Se 
297. Congratulations Trent We love to hear how well our grads are doing Cinematographe 
298. Age of Ultron was better than I remembered I still think it s better than Avengers by quite a bit It s also co 
299. Detective Pikachu is a movie I d like to see Avengers Endgame is a movie I want to see Godzilla King of the Mo 
300. The terminally ill Marvel fan at the center of the viral Avengers Alexander campaign which sought to arrange an e 
301. Avengers Endgame Marketing Campaign Is Marvel s Biggest Ever Movie Talk 
302. Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame True Blue Heroes Stickers Part Award marvel 
303. Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame To the End 
304. Congrats to all the winners of the Avengers Endgame red carpet contest I am crushed I won t be meeting 
305. One week until our friends open for the season Avengers Endgame on the BIG screen at pm 
306. Born Villain They got some on YouTube lmao Just filter it out for uploads that were done today Look up avenge 
307. Chris Hemsworth Says He ll Play Thor For As Long As Marvel Lets Him 
308. Nothing wrong with c 
309. The Avengers Endgame Cast Answer Burning and Silly Questions about Their Characters 
310. Yes Move away Avengers following Endgame our ROBO team is taking the mantle Destination 
311. Terminally Ill Marvel Fan at Center of Avengers Alexander Campaign Still Hasn t Seen AVENGERS ENDGAME 
312. New Avengers Endgame Promo Debriefs Brie Larson s Captain Marvel 
313. Should I mute tweets with Avengers and Endgame Won t be seeing it the first day it drops don t want spoilers but then I doooo 
314. MARVEL AVENGERS ENDGAME All Trailers 
315. T MINUS DAYS AvengersEndgame MarvelStudios Love 
316. irl keeps bragging on how she s gonna see avengers endgame we get it ur rich 
317. MCU Movie Sales Increase As Fans Prep For AvengersEndgame Release 
318. We have a extra pod for you this week I recruit from to discuss out hopes and dream 
319. So I had a dream last night yg endgame tu ada alternate universe where two teams of avengers fight thanos like the 
320. Just like people were saying Wakanda Forever after Black Panther came out y all are going to hear me saying Wha 
321. Now For Sale True Believers Avengers Endgame Marvel NM 
322. Interesting 
323. Man Oh my god this must have taken so long It s so impressive 
324. Pls Don t Spoil me on Avengers EndGame 
325. I mean when you think about all the villains Tony helped create Ultron kind had a point WhateverItTakes 
326. Instead of Captain Marvel your last played champion is summoned for Avengers Endgame How does it work out 
327. Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame Awesome TV Spot 
328. Awesome TV Spot Thor Ironman CaptainAmerica Spiderman RocketRaccoon Valkiria Nebula Blackwidow 
329. Please God don t let captain marvel be the hero in Endgame I m going to be so pissed off if that is th 
330. Avengers Endgame directors plead for help from fans after footage leaks 
331. this please EndGame 
332. So who wants to forget all responsibilities and watch all the marvel movies leading up to Avengers Endgame with me 
333. Watch the full AvengersEndgame Awesome TV spot here Endgame Marvel MarvelStudios 
334. Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame To the End via 
335. where is bradley cooper and why isn t he doing endgame press why is no one asking about rocket and his dynamic 
336. finna go see avengers endgame with my best friends it s happy 
337. Yeah Mis Favs AvengersEndgame SpiderMan IronMan DoctorStrange NickFury MarvelStudios 
338. Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame To the End via AHHHHHHHHHH 
339. Idk why Marvel mentioned that Avengers Endgame gon be hours long like that s supposed to change some shit I w 
340. Seeing Avengers Endgame trailers is a beautiful thing 
341. So Thursday s outfit Captain America Endgame t shirt and my Captain Marvel jacket AvengersEndgame 
342. CaptainAmerica WinterSoldier gets better every time I watch it Steve Rogers BlackWidow Falcon Bucky and Age 
343. I JUST BROUGHT THIS Love it ready for Endgame AvengersEndgame 
344. Repost via Check out this poster inspired by Marvel Studios AvengersEndgame from artist 
345. The MARVEL MOVIES WHAT TO WATCH AND WHAT TO SKIP A handy binge guide to get you ready for AVENGERS ENDGAME 
346. Is it wrong that I have tickets to showings of Endgame all within days Asking for a friend 
347. Watch a new action packed look at Marvel Studios AVENGERS ENDGAME Blog Entertainment 
348. Marvel should take all necessary actions against every social site or YouTube channels who are tryin 
349. avengers endgame looks great 
350. See Endgame early at benefit for IGNITE in Davidson 
351. I just found out that Endgame will be the final film cameo of How beautifully fitting Endgame excelsior 
352. Marvel fans urged to not spoil Avengers Endgame by sharing scenes online 
353. Are you ready for Avengers endgame cosplay cosplayer captainamerica steverogers avengersendgame avengers 
354. Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame Awesome TV Spot via aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa mds amooo 
355. Mr Stark we don t feel so good 
356. Looks like Captain Marvel will be getting a more comic book accurate suit in Avengers Endgame including the classi 
357. I m taking three vacation days before I watch Avengers Endgame so I can binge all the Marvel movies in order I al 
358. RandomN rd Just take care of yourself and block that account There s re 
359. I know I said I was leaving but I changed my mind Regarding Endgame don t share spoilers or anything like that 
360. Ad Hasbro Marvel Legends Series Avengers Endgame Citizen V Action Figure FlyingTre 

 
Negative Tweets: 
1. STOP BEING ASSHOLES AND FUCKING UPLOADING CLIPS OF FUCKING AVENGERS ENDGAME TO YOUTUBE YOU DICKWADS I just fucking 
2. THE STUPIDEST FUCKING THING YOU GUYS EVER DID WAS ANNOUNCE NEW MOVIES AFTER ENDGAME 
3. minutes until this bitch kicks off Endgame muthafuckas avengers endgame 
4. It s AvengersEndgame time and I have never been more not ready in my life 
5. After watching AvengersEndgame last night am I allowed to take today off work for a family emergency Avengers 
6. AVENGERS ENDGAME SPOILER I die at the end 
7. oneyearlater As my fallen avenger drstrange once said We re in the endgame now avengersendgame teamcap 
8. What is the Over Under on the casualty count in Gotham Avengers Endgame and Game of Thrones Battle of Winterfell 
9. Avengers endgame is fucking sick 
10. So serious about watching Avengers Endgame tonight that I made a contract I don t see a problem wit 
11. I ve watched Captain Marvel Unicorn Store and Glass in the last few weeks If Nick Fury is in Avengers Endgame my 
12. Avengers Endgame spoilers Marvel has had sequels starring all the dead heroes from Infinity War in production for months or even years 
13. No stream tonight Gonna go see Avengers Endgame MAYBE I ll have a post movie viewing stream where I talk about it 
14. avengers endgame goddamn 
15. I m going to the movies alone tonight because it s called Endgame not Friendgame Avengers 
16. I m deleting FB and twitter until I ve seen Avengers Endgame but don t worry you won t have to miss my obnoxious 
17. Hey connolly check out this low budget DIY Avengers Endgame Remake trailer 
18. Are you afraid You should be You re in the endgame now And the endgame is terrifying Tyrion Lannister AvengersEndgame 
19. I m so nervous I m seeing Avengers Endgame 
20. Starting at no one text me We re in the Endgame now watching Avengers Endgame at Ua All Staten Islnd STDM 
21. y all are WEAK Finally the Avengers Endgame bathroom guide is here 
22. Can t believe I ain t watching Avengers Endgame today smh 
23. Avengers Infinity War Dr Strange to Tony Peter and GotG I saw timelines and we only succeed in 
24. You ll be the biggest piece of shit it you spoil Avengers Endgame for those of us who couldn t get tickets for the first day 
25. Here I am waiting for him while being jealous to the other peeps na nakanuod na ng Avengers Endgame Hay 
26. Imagine going into this weekend not being a fan of Game of Thrones or Avengers Endgame What a fucking life 
27. I don t wanna see anyone ruin avengers on TL endgame 
28. The Avengers Endgame killed me fr 
29. AVENGERS ENDGAME gt AVENGERS INFINITY WAR WhateverItTakes 
30. If you stayed away from Infinity war just to watch it side by side with Endgame I salute you 
31. Welp no twitter for days don t want any Avengers Endgame spoilers Bye 
32. Avengers Endgame cast sings We Didn t Start the Fire adds Stan Lee tribute 
33. i jus want to put thi here as evidence of my endgame sleuthing i am not seeing it until friday but i am stupid 
34. We are in the Endgame now No social media till tomorrow lunchtime when I ve seen the film AvengersEndgame 
35. We got NFL Draft and Avengers Endgame in the next two days no politics for this guy 
36. I m going to ignore my mufc misery to concentrate on AvengersEndgame for the rest of the week hopefully then I l 
37. What a big week There s Endgame ts BattleOfWinterfell I ll be dead by week s end 
38. I m not really sure why movie theaters are even bothering to show any other movies this weekend They should just d 
39. Avengers Endgame Predictions MARVEL No Spoilers or LEAK Review via 
40. I have not seen the movie yet but if something happens to Tony you are dead to me Marvel And tha 
41. Just watched avengers endgame and fuck you 
42. Niggas out here out here spoiling avengers endgame for niggas like the Hispanic ass nerv 
43. Good morning everyone Except those who haven t watch Avengers Endgame yet You guys r lame and boring 
44. Just finished with Endgame I m kinda a LOT SHOOK DontSpoilAvengersEndgame 
45. Avengers Endgame A no spoilers plot recap before you watch it 
46. Spoiler paranoia is ruining pop culture via 
47. jane foster might make a comeback in avengers yall in please don t let it happen natalie po 
48. I am so close to watching Avengers Endgame Not going to lie it kind of sucks that other parts of the world are alr 
49. Game of Thrones is in its final season James Holzhauer is KILLING IT on Jeopardy Avengers Endgame is coming out J 
50. The hulking unstoppable Avengers Endgame is genius but of an evil and shockingly boring variety The Globe and 
51. Well my Avengers Endgame IMAX experience was ruined They had a problem with the movie and now they are playing the 
52. you mean to tell me not a single actor in avengers endgame knows the damn plot of the movie 
53. i don t think i can handle the stress of Avengers Endgame and this Game of Thrones battle in space of one week 
54. im going to watch avengers endgame in less than hours omg bitch im SCARED 
55. AVENGERS ENDGAME Cast Swear They Didn t Start the Fire 
56. Just seen avengers endgame Aquaman and Superman die at the end 
57. Avengers Endgame Cast Sings We Didn t Start the Fire 
58. If I see you trolling or hating on any of the Avengers ladies I will Surprise spoil endgame for you and tell you 
59. Not to be dramatic but Avengers Endgame and the Battle of Winterfell on Game of Thrones this coming weekend will be the death of me 
60. Avengers Endgame Cast Sings We Didn t Start the Fire via 
61. Damn we got Game of Thrones NFL Draft Avengers Endgame Oculus Rift S Quest and Detective Pikachu all coming April May 
62. Yo Imma be soooooooo MAD if Cap doesn t say Avengers assemble in Endgame 
63. Classes ended today Avengers Endgame amp GOT Battle of Winterfell all in the same week 
64. Me and my broke ass waiting for the pirated version of avengers endgame 
65. Avengers Endgame Directors Make New Reminder For Fans Not To Share Spoilers 
66. I ve never been more happy in my life to be Australian then when Avengers Endgame comes out of the th and i have opening day tickets 
67. my local movie theater had a fire so i can t see avengers endgame in theaters i ll just have to kys now 
68. The world wide web is gonna be a dangerous place over the next few days with Avengers Endgame spoilers Don t be 
69. Some theaters are going to extremes to accommodate Avengers Endgame demand 
70. Demand is so high for Avengers Endgame that many AMC theaters will open hours a day all weekend 
71. I COULD CRY 
72. Demand is so high for Avengers Endgame that many AMC theaters will open hours a day all weekend 
73. Avengers Infinity War is still very very good It retains a ton of those get hype moments that you experienced in 
74. The Avengers Endgame premiere is literally blocks away from a crack house 
75. The world is crazy Horrors running for government Pets being abandoned Bombs on Easter Empathy has no hope 
76. Some theaters are going to extremes to accommodate Avengers Endgame demand 
77. Avengers endgame is showing on Friday cinema tickets are already sold out and everybody is broke Who are you de 
78. wtf Some theaters are going to extremes to accommodate Avengers Endgame demand 
79. I m going to see Avengers EndGame by myself this weekend so that way there is no distractions 
80. If you had to choose to watch Battle of Winterfell or Avengers Endgame this weekend and you could only choose one 
81. They say me Avengers Endgame and I m already crying because I m really not ready for everything to end 
82. the Avengers Endgame producer says he s watched the film times and he s had tears in his eyes every single ti 
83. Some theaters are going to extremes to accommodate Avengers Endgame demand 
84. Guess Who s Gonna Cry In Avengers Endgame 
85. Some theaters are going to extremes to accommodate Avengers Endgame demand 
86. If it s sure for you guys go ahead and leak EndGame 
87. What day is the Avengers Endgame video coming out that updates us on what we have so far Like the Infinity War one 
88. The struggle to book Endgame tickets is the justification for Thanos snap in Infinity War AvengersEndgame 
89. What if you wake up tomorrow in a groundhog day happy death day kind of scenario and the rumors and 
90. avengers endgame survive or die thread part one of two yes i included dusted characters and characters th 
91. what if they actually want us to believe steve will die in avengers endgame but actually they re fooling us all we 
92. My Avengers Endgame Shirt I can t wait for Thursday I m excited and scared avengersendgame 
93. the avengers about endgame whatever it takes me about beating andrew at Easter egg hunts whatever it takes 
94. Editing job done Brain tired Will spend rest of evening watching kdrama GameofThrones and Twitter for pics of t 
95. Aight I m not a big marvel stan but I high key pumped for avengers endgame and now I need tickets ASAP 
96. Y all chose a bad day and bad times Avengers Endgame comes out that day 
97. I missed that giddy optimism BITCH WE KNEW AvengersEndgame WhateverItTakes 
98. Damn avengers Endgame comes out this week 
99. all I know is if I don t get Cap shouting Avengers Assemble at some point in Endgame I ll riot 
100. First minutes of Avengers endgame got leaked on YouTube 
101. Already got Avengers Endgame tickets bought and I can t wait for this movie I m so nervous 
102. Boy I can t wait to see Avengers Endgame amirite guys Um maybe Thanos will defeat the Night King and sit on 
103. That s what I keep assuming If The Avengers was Stark s Han Solo coming back to help Luke blow up the Death Star 
104. I dont think the Avengers should worry about only Thanos in endgame 
105. To borrow from The Avengers we are at the Endgame Propaganda bots all are being unleashed Impeachment is the 
106. As the Endgame approaches don t miss out on our Avengers commentary track 
107. So I was rewatching Infinity war for the th time and I just find out the Benatar have more seats under Rocket A 
108. I ve bought tickets What kind of tickets The Thanos killing kind AvengersEndgame Avengers MarvelStudios 
109. The characters fans think are most likely to die in Avengers Endgame 
110. Countdown to Endgame Our Favorite Moments from Captain America Civil War Avengers CaptainAmerica 
111. I rly do hope endgame gives us more domestic avengers I m selfish and need it they re spending so much time at the 
112. Do you have a view about this post Leave a comment on our Facebook page Source link 
113. Changed into my Captain America tshirt subconsciously heard Dr Strange saying we re in the endgame now AvengersEndgame 
114. Direct no its just what I though and suspect but I maybe wrong I hope MCU do m 
115. In exactly a week I would have watched Endgame amp I know I ll be an emotional wreck Avengers 
116. My characters are all arguing about who they think will survive Endgame amwriting amwritingfantasy AvengersEndgame 
117. it s so annoying that endgame isn t ending the phase when Spiderman is barely related to the central avengers unive 
118. more snotty CaptainMarvel Thanos interview drama BrieLarson insulting JoshBrolin in ca 
119. Last year this was me during vision and Spider Man s death in infinity war and something tells me that it ll be the 
120. Happy Easter Weekend There was no acogfanfriday yesterday but have no fear we are gearing up for our 
121. This is dumb Ant Man ending Phase Two was dumb Phases should end with their respective Avengers movie Given that 
122. Tonight s plans movies coffee and this bad boy right here LEGO Marvel Avengers AvengersEndgame 
123. Direct Same thing with Ant Man ending Phase I find it weird that the Avengers dont end the Phase 
124. Avengers Endgame Don t Be a Villain Avengers Endgame Don t Be a Villain by Jeffrey Bricker 
125. Man Avengers Endgame coming up so damn quick can t wait to see this shit now AvengersEndgame 
126. After endgame there will be no more OG Avengers Science bros Stony useless bickering Brutasha Lang 
127. Why You Can Miss It The COMPLETE MCU Recap CRAM IT Avengers Endgame Edition 
128. new avengers endgame poster looks sick 
129. i can t wait for carol danvers to kick thanos ass next week AvengersEndgame Endgame 
130. AvengersEndgame Watching Infinity Wars in prep for Endgame I need a life 
131. Avengers Endgame Run Time Without The Credits Now Revealed 
132. AvengersEndgame directors pick Doctor Doom as the Marvel villain they most want to bring into the MCU 
133. I remember going to see the first films leading up to Avengers at an AMC marathon I believe I still have the bad 
134. I have no class on Friday April th so you know that means AVENGERS ENDGAME 
135. Hey Brothers Can you ask any social media websites to BAN any user who spoiles AvengersEndgame That d 
136. Watching Avengers Infinity War in preparation of seeing Avengers Endgame We may also see Captain Marvel again this weekend 
137. Remember almost immediately after Infinity War everyone was begging for a title for A even though everyone pretty 
138. MAJOR SPOILER for Avengers Endgame We know who kills Thanos Avengers Endgame 
139. AVENGERS ENDGAME Directors Want to Bring FANTASTIC FOUR Villain DOCTOR DOOM Into the MCU 
140. Avengers Endgame is going to be SICKENING 
141. As Avengers Endgame looms Hollywood lays low 
142. My left ear is congested and I don t know why and it freaks me out a bit But it ll eventually go away in a couple 
143. Brothers Get Out Avengers Endgame Forbidden Fired cancelled N 
144. When you watch Men In Black and realize by storyline alone it s very similar to Avengers Infinity War Captain 
145. ari wanna come see avengers endgame w me i got the tickets already so if u say no u owe me quid 
146. It s official It s all Chuck Norris s fault avengersendgame avengersmemes infinitywar endgame marvelmemes 
147. I wonder if at the end of Endgame CaptainMarvel will destroy the Infinity Gauntlet and all life will be resto 
148. Someone s excited for Endgame Don t worry she can t spoil it for anyone though SourCandy Art AvengersEndgame 
149. week before Avengers Endgame so we had to revisit Infinity Wars Yall got yall tickets for EndGame yet wa 
150. Stand and struggle Not for orders Not for country But for the people teamCap forever and ever Thnx 
151. Avengers endgame leaked 
152. IRON MAN Doesn t Want to Die in New AVENGERS ENDGAME TV Spot 
153. Today s official Avengers Endgame piece is by Poster Posse Pro Stay tuned more on the way hate wait 
154. it s confirmed going avengers endgame world premiere monday im really bout to cry 
155. Avengers endgame leaked 
156. Avengers endgame leaked 
157. Finally it arrived my weeks off and Easter weekend Been longing for it since my week off in January St George 
158. hanley leaked avengers endgame movie 
159. Collectables Avengers endgame leaked 
160. Carol s got a secret weapon 
161. We get the EndGame in one week Prepare yourself and lets take a look at the Fallen Avengers that have gotten us he 
162. days until Avengers Endgame Movie of the marathon Captain America Civil War 
163. The premiere of Avengers Endgame will somehow feel empty Knowing that is no longer here 
164. Damn Avengers Endgame is the movie with the most amount of trailers I ve ever seen 
165. Uploading a version of my IronMan fanart because lots of things were bothering me about it but at the same time 
166. What if everything we ve seen so far has been fake 
167. One week until we open for the season Avengers Endgame on the BIG screen at pm Can t you smell the po 
168. Avengers endgame leaked 
169. no spoilers for avengers endgame 
170. Avengers endgame leaked 
171. BBTS Sponsor News transformers Batman TAS Mortal Kombat Star Wars Dragon Ball Avengers Endgame and More 
172. No Days until Avengers Endgame 
173. Oral History of Avengers Endgame amp Infinity War with the Russo Brothers Rotten Tomatoes 
174. Also dreamt I was watching Avengers Endgame and I was struggling to stay awake for the last hour midnight showi 
175. Anybody wanna come see Avengers Endgame with me Idk what time I ma go see I just know what day and where 
176. Brie Larson Reveals CaptainMarvel s Secret Weapon For Taking Down Thanos 
177. Oh my fucking god there s Avengers Endgame footage on pornhub I can t even beat my meat in peace no more I m pissed 
178. Watch the AvengersEndgame cast answer bizarre character questions on LSSC 
179. When I see these tonight Riverdale tweets it makes me mad that I m on contract in Europe where do 
180. To whoever leaked the footage for Avengers Endgame FUCK YOU I FUCKING HATE YOU AND HOPE YOU ROT IN HELL 
181. I think this is just a dumb attempt to get gullible Christians to not get tickets for Avengers Endgame 
182. I did a video on who will die in Infinity War and I think my predictions for Endgame are basically the same 
183. Everyday I m emotionally preparing myself for Captain America to die in Avengers Endgame 
184. New video up Who s going to die in Avengers Endgame CaptainAmerica IronMan Thor Hulk BlackWidow 
185. Obsessed with my finished sleeve tattoo 
186. CAN ENDGAME COME OUT ALREADY IM BORED WE NEED TO WATCH THE MOVIE AvengersEndgame 
187. amp I ve got to ask this I ve seen Captain America Civil War over a dozen times amp this ques 
188. Don t be a douche Endgame isitnextweekendalready 
189. what if the opening scene in endgame is just the avengers snorting the ashes of the dead 
190. No Time For Bathroom Breaks in Avengers Endgame AvengersEngame 
191. Just found out I didn t win the contest to go to the Avengers Endgame premiere with Shocked amp upset 
192. In Portugal is exactly the same and i hate it Especially movies like Avengers Endgame i don t wan 
193. Dm me for Avengers endgame leaked videos 
194. Can t wait to see Marvel Studios Avengers Endgame April can t wait to see if the Avengers will finally defeat thanos 
195. going to see avengers endgame on premier night because a friend asked me to but i haven t seen infinity war yet aaaahhh 
196. No website not accepting payments 
197. The Most Ambitious Crossover since Avengers Infinity War th floor closes th floor and Others readying for th 
198. And I hope you spoil avengers endgame for young nearly dead Nicholas too bird 
199. I ve haven t watched Avengers Endgame so please don t spoil it Or else I ll flame the FUCK out of you DontSpoilAvengersEndgame 
200. Paul Rudd Is Terrified to Say Anything About His Endgame Role 
201. Avengers Endgame Don t Be a Villain Avengers Endgame Don t Be a Villain by Jeffrey Bricker 

 
Neutral Tweets: 
1. Stuart little dies at the end of Avengers endgame 
2. At the end of Endgame the Avengers dig up Thanos s tweets from and that basically ends him Endgame 
3. Finally it s here endgame starting in two mins watching AvengersEngame 
4. Avengers Endgame tonight Hit me up if you need someone to talk about it with 
5. I m most likely muted by everyone anyways but AvengersEndgame SPOILER Other than making him fat 
6. You wanna go see Avengers Endgame 
7. I can t believe that once the got a hold of the Infinity Stones in Endgame Cap used them to reboot the 
8. Nobody asked you G 
9. Watching Avengers endgame now 
10. AvengersEndgame with my endgame 
11. Its time Avengers endgame whateveritakes 
12. I was when I saw the first Iron Man when I saw the first Avengers Now at I m about to watch 
13. About to watch Engame Hyped been waiting for this AvengersEndgame 
14. DONT SPOIL THE ENDGAME MR SEOKJIN BBMAsTopSocial BTS twt 
15. should I watch Avengers Endgame in D 
16. Endgame still has me shookt to the core AvengersEndgame 
17. I don t even know what to say I m watching Avengers Endgame AvengersEndgame trakt 
18. Avengers Endgame Spoilers without context AvangersEndgame 
19. Dazzler Hotel in Paraguay today EndGameIsHere AvengersEndgame MarvelAvengersEndGame EndGame 
20. saw Avengers Endgame 
21. AvengersEndgame spoiler 
22. Liam AGAIN 
23. Movie Avengers Endgame CineworldUnlimited filmchallenge filmsin 
24. Tony Stark hits the floss in Avengers Endgame 
25. AVENGERS ENDGAME WAS AMAZINGGGGG AvengersEngame 
26. watching Avengers Endgame 
27. hoy he ido a ver avengers endgame 
28. Avengers Endgame When Do I Pee IGN Now via 
29. more hour until I watch Avengers endgame 
30. I ve watched the endgame trailer so many times in a row right now This is the day I was waiting for and 
31. Endgame is beyond avengersendgame 
32. ENDGAME LETS GO watching Avengers 
33. My only advice for anybody watching Avengers Endgame 
34. let s keep this in mind 
35. Omg I m at the theatres and there s a commercial before the trailers See ya all in a few hours don 
36. Everyone their mama Going to go see Avengers Endgame 
37. watching Avengers Endgame at Regal Cinemas New Albany 
38. Copped my Avengers Endgame ticket let s gooooo I m hyped 
39. It s an epic film AlreadyBeen to see AvengersEndgame and I can t wait to watch it again 
40. After having Nas Daily as the showstopper it was equally tempting to finish Content with Avengers Endgame spoi 
41. Avengers Age of Ultron Tony Stark We re the Avengers We can bust arms dealers all the live long day but that 
42. Looking forward to seeing Avengers Endgame 
43. Disney s Avengers Endgame sets opening day record in China 
44. Guy Fieri dies in Avengers Endgame 
45. Taiwan Avengers Endgame DontSpoilAvengersEndgame 
46. THANOS DEMANDS MY SILENCE Avengers ENDGAME 
47. AvengersEndgame Avengers Body Language Avengers Endgame Brie Larson Chris Hemsworth and Don Cheadle 
48. Avengers Endgame Liverpool Endgame Avengers 
49. Avengers EndGame later can t wait 
50. Ending dari Avengers Endgame bikin 
51. Which endgame concerns you most AvengersEndgame Trump 
52. iron man dies in avengers endgame 
53. Personal Finance Daily Some tickets to Avengers Endgame are selling for online and what to do if you can t 
54. Avengers Endgame smashes opening day record in China with million 
55. It s an epic film AlreadyBeen to see AvengersEndgame and I can t wait to watch it again 
56. On Friday I will not be replying or tweeting after pm because I m going to see the new Avengers Endgame 
57. Body Language Avengers Endgame Brie Larson Chris Hemsworth and Don Cheadle 
58. How Goose the Cat Could Make an Impact on Avengers Endgame 
59. Iron man dies in avengers endgame 
60. hrs Is Avengers EndGame An Indian Movie 
61. Some tickets to Avengers Endgame are selling for online 
62. Iron man dies in avengers endgame 
63. Watching Avengers Endgame 
64. The avengers walk in endgame 
65. Iron man amp thor 
66. So I was getting dinner through the drive through and the casier lady wearing an Avengers Endgame hat noticed my C 
67. Iron man dies in avengers endgame 
68. Avengers Endgame sets opening day record in China 
69. Hi Cineplex I have tickets to see Avengers Endgame tomorrow it s for a regular showtime Scotiaba 
70. the only end was mine comunque AvengersEndGame Endgame 
71. MCU Schedule as of Avengers Endgame day Spider Man Far From Home days Black Widow Eternals 
72. Here now at the opening of SM Southmall s Director s Club Cinema just in time for Avengers Endgame The cinema bo 
73. Nw Avengers Endgame AvengersEndgame DontSpoilTheEndgame 
74. For the next two days I m going to not use Twitter so I don t spoil myself for Avengers Endgame Many in China an 
75. i m gonna watch endgame even though i haven t seen any other Avengers movie 
76. I m about to mute avengers and endgame until i see the movie 
77. Dear Thanos these are the characters we want to die in Avengers Endgame 
78. We re on the Endgame now AvengersEndgame 
79. Shall update this space on avengers endgame in a bit Stay tuned HAHAH 
80. We re in the Endgame now AvengersEndgame 
81. This time tomorrow I see Avengers Endgame and I hereby pledge to not post photo or direct spoilers and any semi 
82. The Endgame is near AvengersEndgame MarvelStudios 
83. Avengers Endgame lt lt lt bday ni 
84. Whatever it takes Many AMC theaters open hours a day for Avengers Endgame AMC 
85. Wait is this not Avengers Endgame M N 
86. Going into social media lockdown until later tonight after I ve seen Avengers Endgame See you on the other side 
87. Avengers Endgame out of contest 
88. Everyone else watching AvengersEndgame at nearby theaters Me watching TheFlash on tv in my home because I c 
89. ENDGAME DAY avengersendgame 
90. When my job is advertising theavengers blackwidow ironman captainmarvel captainamerica thor endgame 
91. AVENGERS ENDGAME TIMEEEEE 
92. Thanos I wonder how he s going to show up in avengers endgame 
93. Avengers Endgame Review 
94. Deadpool Creator Calls Avengers Endgame the Most Comic Booky Comic Book Film Ever 
95. AvengersEndgame Home Release May Include Unused StanLee Footage 
96. Brothers GWW Can t Wait EndGame 
97. Got my Avengers Endgame ticket for Thursday My URL Resolution PPV for Saturday Then Game of Thrones is going to w 
98. New episode of The YouIVLife Out tomorrow What s your end game TheYouIVLifePodcast FightIVLife 
99. Me standing behind my man at the premiere 
100. Rephrase this and put arsenal in or i spoil avengers endgame 
101. Avengers Endgame is a Bollywood movie 
102. Ge aayos nako I can t wait to witness the endgame AvengersEndgame WhateverItTakes 
103. Waaaa avengers endgame njud 
104. Look who I stumble upon at the concessions bar EndGame 
105. hey did you buy your tickets yet for Avengers Endgame 
106. Wait lang mig copy 
107. Inside the World Premiere of Avengers Endgame Photos 
108. when will you open IMAX for Avengers Endgame 
109. AvengersEndgame Livestream Watch The World Premiere Red Carpet 
110.  
111.  
112.  
113. thread of the avengers endgame premiere 
114.  
115.  
116. Watching Avengers Endgame premiere BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson Tomlinson 
117. WE RE SO CLOSE TO THE ENDGAME AvengersEndgame 
118. Fortnite does whatever it takes in upcoming Avengers Endgame crossover 
119. Avengers Endgame Could Break M In Its Opening Weekend LRM Online 
120. Captain America Or Nebula Might Use The Infinity Gauntlet In Avengers Endgame CBR 
121. Thinking those Endgame thoughts Tonight s the night AvengersEndgame World Premiere 
122. Finally Ticket booked India AvengersEndgame 
123. Me I think I m gonna wait until November to see CaptainMarvel and Avengers Endgame so I can just use my Disney 
124. The Avengers assemble for the Endgame premiere in LA 
125. Someone go with me to see avengers endgame I ve been waiting for so long 
126. The Avengers assemble for the Endgame premiere in LA 
127. The Avengers assemble for the Endgame premiere in LA 
128. Watch this on YouTube DontSpoilTheEndgame AvengersEndgame AvengeTheFallen MarvelStudios DAYS 
129. The Avengers assemble for the Endgame premiere in LA 
130. The Avengers assemble for the Endgame premiere in LA 
131. Bought my AvengersEndgametickets So stoked for Thursday Endgame avengers 
132. The world premiere of AvengersEndgame is underway Check out which celebs are walking the purple carpet 
133. Watching the Endgame purple carpet premiere on YouTube Didn t realize the actor Benedict Wong was born 
134. Step inside the purple carpet at the Avengers Endgame premiere 
135. Sooo Avengers Endgame is this weekend and so is GoT episode ahaha 
136. I wonder if Avengers Endgame is going to have a collective where were you when you saw impact on audiences and fans I think it might 
137. on her way to the Avengers Endgame premiere in LA AvengersEndgame EndgamePremiereLA 
138. Avengers Endgame Me inhales aaaAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
139. Watch this on YouTube DontSpoilTheEndgame AvengersEndgame AvengeTheFallen MarvelStudios DAY 
140. you can watch the premiere here 
141. Watching avengers endgame in a couple of days can t wait 
142. MCU Schedule as of Avengers Endgame days Spider Man Far From Home days Black Widow Eternals 
143. Artificial End an Avengers Endgame will be getting a remake and it will be releasing on April th Remember 
144. It s a brand new episode as we re joined with Publishing and of AvengersEndgame 
145. AvengersEndgame will not be final Phase Three movie says Kevin Feige 
146. The Avengers assemble for the Endgame premiere in LA 
147. NFL Draft on Thursday and Avengers Endgame too stoked Got my ticket to Endgame already just gotta show up early 
148. Avengers Endgame Full Movie HD p Watch in HD Robert Downey Jr Walt Disney 
149. Watching the Purple Carpet of AvengersEndgame WhateverItTakes 
150. The Avengers assemble for the Endgame premiere in LA AvengersEndgame 
151. ELIZABETH OLSEN IS UP AvengersEndgame Avengethefallen Endgame EndgamePremiereLA 
152. My son asked where Spider Man was when the trailer for Endgame came on 
153. Endgame is out this week I m booked into a midnight showing on Wednesday so maybe next week would be 
154. I m just waiting for the new Avengers movie incidentally I eat a lot of chocolate Endgame 
155. Watch Iron Man Captain America Meet Face To Face In New AVENGERS ENDGAME Trailer music feedly 
156. ENDGAME HYPE STARTS TODAY more days AvengersEndgame Endgame DontSpoilTheEndgame AvengersPH 
157. Going end in this April Avengers Endgame maksudnya 
158. AVENGERS ENDGAME counting daysss April 
159. more movies and it is the Endgame AvengersEndgame 
160. This is how avengers endgame is gonna go down 
161. The Avengers fantasy written and directed by Joss Whedon about a group of superheroes MCU 
162. i cant believe avengers endgame is the same day as formal couldn t the russo brothers just WAIT A DAY 
163. someone go watch avengers endgame with me 
164. Hours until I see Avengers Endgame with mates but who s counting 
165. Is that Professor Hulk at the start 
166. Who has their tickets for Avengers Endgame 
167. Cant wait to hear the score for Avengers Endgame it d probably be as majestic as endgame because Alan Silvestri is the one composing it 
168. Got our Endgame tickets Friday night needs to arrive pronto 
169. Tested out my pissbottle for Avengers Endgame Not all of it went where it needed to go will try to fix the issue 
170. Avengers Endgame will be released within days We are in the Endgame now AvengersEndgame 
171. I just took this quiz AvengersEndgame Avengers Endgame WhateverItTakes 
172. AVENGERS ENDGAME Thanos vs Captain America TV Spot HD Chris Evans via 
173. I just took this quiz AvengersEndgame Avengers Endgame WhateverItTakes 
174. Robert Downey Jr Says Nobody Can Guess What Happens In Endgame 
175. I cant wait to go on full social media blackout when avengers endgame comes out 
176. Is that Professor Hulk at the start 
177. Is that Professor Hulk at the start 
178. Tickets for Avengers Endgame this Thursday at pm have been acquired 
179. hours from now we ll be watching Endgame CountdownToEndgame EndgameCountdown AvengersEndgame Endgame 
180. Days To Go Before Avengers Endgame Time Stone 
181. Avengers Endgame this week I CANT FUCKIN WAIT 
182. Hi Ankrosh booking info being in real time more cinemas and cities will reflect once those cinemas are 
183. Btw is endgame going to be the last Avengers 
184. Undoubtably with Endgame coming out next week we ll be seeing several articles linking Thanos genocide in 
185. why is Vin Diesel In Avengers 
186. I m almost a year behind somehow managed to dodge spoilers the entire time except for knowing the snap result bu 
187. Hey Do you know when the embargo lifts for Avengers Endgame 
188. Direct Maybe Far From Home will show us who bought the avengers tower And maybe the reveal cou 
189. FINALLY BOUGHT THE TICKETS FOR AVENGERS ENDGAME THIS IS REALLY HAPPENING IN DAYS OMG 
190. My kids and I walking into this Thursday to see AvengersEndgame We can t wait 
191. aditya You are blinded bahubali hype wa 
192. Almost time for Avengers Endgame I ve waited years for this 
193. Rohit is right go and check movie booking sites days before 
194. Oficially days and hours to see Endgame AvengersEndgame endgame WhateverItakes 
195. So you know that moment in that day experience according to what people tell me when you get those extra wack 
196. Ans B Jarvis AvengersEndgame Endgame AJIOxMARVEL 
197. AVENGERS ENDGAME S Gets A Wild New Poster 
198. TH one down in chronological order roadtoendgame avengers endgame blurays movie film 
199. So SpiderMan Far From Home is now the phase finale according to Feige Wonder why they made the change since 
200. Should I go see Avengers Endgame without having seen the previous Avengers movies 
201. Even thunder gods need seatbelts amiright Avengers endgame DontSpoilTheEndgame DontSpoilAvengers 
202. The Ten Commandments movie is a full hour longer than Avengers Endgame And yet i watch it every time 
203. last album was called endgame and now she is realizing something on AKA the day that avenge 
204. I know you were only doing what you believe in and that s all any of us can do it s all any of us should S 
205. I wanna go see AvengersEndGame Endgame with GSCAdmin t shirt 
206. by this time next week I will have seen Endgame and I will just be living my life as normal knowing the Avengers ar 
207. Endgame Spoilers Black Widow shoots all her bullets at Thanos which does nothing Then she throws the 
208. sup Why Tickets of Avengers EndGame Not Available to booking in Gaya Bihar 
209. Avengers Analysis The Feminist Evolution from Iron Man to Avengers Endgame Thor amp Captain America The Firs 
210. Just more days til Avengers Endgame 
211.  
212. Also the theater near me up in Chicago still has a lot of openings for Avengers Endgame so you know I have bough 
213. ivecometobargain that in the year of we be able to edit tweets AvengersEndgame 
214. Direct I thought I dusted him I looked forward in time and only saw one scenario where the Ave 
215. this box never says Endgame and only just has the regular Avengers logo so does that mean they can technically just 
216. Avengers Endgame opens in theaters in less than a week but that s not the only movie you need to see this summe 
217. Hello im a rapper from UK n i released an epic soundtrack anthem to avengers endgame Need xtra hype fo 
218. going to watch Avengers Endgame by myself when it comes out 
219. The only movies you need to watch before Avengers Endgame 
220. Hi you can book your Endgame tickets here PW 
221. Whatever it Takes FanArt Art Drawings drawthisinyourstyle ComicBook MarvelStudios MarvelComics 
222. When jay see avengers endgame Jaystark 
223. Gene will you go see Avengers Endgame Of course I already bought tickets for the premiere 
224. writer Houseof 
225. Hello im a rapper from UK n I released a soundtrack anthem for avengers endgame movie NEED EXTRA 
226. one week from this very moment i will have just finished watching avengers endgame and that s a lot for my brain to handle 
227.  
228. Avengers Endgame dir Joe and Anthony Russo 
229. Watch Avengers Endgame Full Movie HD Quality Avengers Endgame Full Movie Streaming 
230. Just a heads up don t look up Avengers Endgame in PornHub you ll be spoiled if you do 
231. My little man CAN NOT WAIT to see Endgame EmagineTheatres AvengersEndgame TeamThanos TeamIronMan 
232. Can pre order it 
233. Endgame Adventus Days To Go AvengersEndgame For day of EndgameAdventus 
234. New Endgame Poster By artist 
235. week until Avengers Endgame 
236. I still can t believe that years ago when the first Avengers movie came out we only had films in the MCU th 
237. Day of posting the same picture of everyday until Avengers Endgame 
238. Misfit Corner Comics Presents Let s Draw AVENGERS ENDGAME via 
239. I just can t believe Avengers Endgame will be out in a week Endgame Avengers ENDGAMECOUNTDOWN avengers 
240. Ahhhhh avengers endgame is comingggg 
241. Biggest perk of living in Germany is that i can watch Avengers Endgame days earlier 
242. Disney Avengers Endgame will be the biggest crossover in history Lil Dicky Hold my beer 
243.  
244. Probably the only person who isn t in the film at this point 
245. Real Got my tickets a week today 
246. Alan will return in Avengers Endgame 
247. Check out Avengers Endgame ozCup Cinemark Promo W Topper Lid amp RARE WarMachine Figurine 
248. One week till Endgame babbyyyyy Already have my tickets 
249. Avengers Endgame will be come soon in theater Here are official art works for Avengers Endgame marvelstudios aven 
250. Check out Avengers Endgame ozCup Cinemark Promo W Topper Lid amp Black WidowFigurine NEW 
251. Watch Avengers Endgame Full Movie HD Quality Avengers Endgame Full Movie Streaming 
252. AVENGERS ENDGAME Fans Chant BUCKY s Name at CHRIS EVANS When He Brings Up PEGGY CARTER 
253. Disney let their distribution deal with Netflix expire Avengers Endgame is not going to be on Netflix any time soon 
254. My timeline is either the Avengers Endgame or Trump Is there some sort of correlation 
255. i need someone in st george to go see Avengers Endgame with me anyone 
256. I wonder when the New Avengers movie comes out after Avengers Endgame 
257. Get and Endgame shirt Avengers Endgame Thanos IronMan Thor CaptainAmerica Hulk 
258. I m still waiting on that Avengers autocomplete interview 
259. What a week coming up Mortal Kombat on Tuesday then Avengers Endgame on Thursday 
260. Avengers Endgame next weekend I need to mentally prepare 
261. A week from today I will have already seen avengers endgame and my life will be over 
262. Move over Avatar 
263. Brothers teamCap forever and ever AvengersEndgame 
264. BethsEndgamePredictions avengers marvelstudios captainmarvel starlord s s avengersendgame 
265. Hey Brothers my birthday is Saturday April th and it would onl 
266. Disponibles en todas nuestras tiendas y en 
267. Look I m just saying that if the movie theatre tries to sell me a privacy garbage bag so I can use the restroo 
268. Only Avengers Star Read Full Endgame Script via 
269. It s an epic film AlreadyBeen to see AvengersEndgame and I can t wait to watch it again 
270. releasing KevinFeige 
271. avengers endgame in one week 
272. WATCH Earth s Mightiest Show Endgame avengersendgame 
273. Yea you just gotta collect out of The avengers eggs then you get it 
274. Watching Avengers Age Of Ultron As We Get Closer To Endgame AvengersTrilogy AvengersEndgame 
275. THIS SUNDAY We have pairs of Opening Night tickets from The Kentucky Theater to give away at Avengers Trivia amp 
276. Just ordered our Imax tickets for endgame years led up to this 
277. One week from this time right now I ll be watching Avengers Endgame Thanos 
278. My Avengers Endgame bag 
279. IF someone spoils avengers endgame 
280. This is what I will do if anyone spoils Avengers Endgame for me 
281. Avengers Endgame s Robert Downey Jr Was The Only Cast Member To Read The Full Script 
282. An ad for Endgame came on and when the announcer said Avengers Endgame my brain heard Avengers And Gay and I m 
283. Transformers BBTS Sponsor News Transformers Batman TAS 
284. nce I thought that was them cleaning up the avengers after endgame 
285. Luigi s Mansion is the Avengers Endgame of Luigi s Mansion 
286. I have been countin 
287. New AvengersEndgame Avengers Endgame Thor News video I ll try and post another video some time tomorrow 
288. AVENGERS ENDGAME Thanos Says Lets Finish This Trailer NEW Marve via 
289. Avengers Endgame LATINO Link Avengers Endgame LATINO Peliculas 
290. AvengersEndgame CaptainMarvel clip 
291. Me walking out of the theater after watching Avengers Endgame 
292. I m tryna see Avengers Endgame next week 
293. There s still time to enter our AvengersEngame competition avengers endgame 
294. Before Endgame the biggest movie event of our lifetime hits theaters let s talk about what Hollywood is saying 
295. Avengers Endgame To the End CONCHA 
296. These are the official Rules for watching Avengers Endgame with me edited because who needs to be seated minu 
297. These are the official Rules for watching Avengers Endgame with me edited because who needs to be seated minu 
298. Hi Cineworld I have tickets for avengers endgame but work have moved my shift so I am unable to go C 
299. currently watching The Avengers to prepare for Endgame next Friday this movie is hilariously corny and the 
300. I already know whom im taking to see the avengers endgame with me 
301. Got my tickets for End Game Who else is going on Thursday night avengersendgame endgame avengers Avengers DontSpoilTheEndgame 
302. Avengers Endgame is next Friday already 
303. CIMC The press conference of Avengers Endgame was held in Shanghai today Although the absence of Chr 
304. CIM The press conference of Avengers Endgame was held in Shanghai today Although the absence of Chri 
305. That avengers endgame about to be movie of the year 
306. When is Avengers Endgame released in cinemas Radio Times 
307. SOME MF POSTED A SPOILER CLIP FROM AVENGERS ENDGAME IM HEAAATEDDD 
308. Also Avengers Endgame 
309. The new AvengersEndgame trailer gave me chills 
310. opening scene to Avengers Endgame All Avengers sitting at a bar with a TV on in the background On screen is P 
311. Avengers EndGame Rise of the Dustbuster 
312. This time next week I ll be watching Avengers Endgame 
313. It s almost the end of the line for Cap 
314. How should I prepare myself for Avengers Endgame I got tickets for am on opening night 
315. I m have one week to fully prepare for Avengers Endgame I got this 
316. Way behind on Avengers movies What movies are essential to watch before Endgame comes out Do I need to watch al 
317. Boxboy boxgirl and avengers endgame come out on the same day 
318. Who tryna go see Avengers Endgame April th 
319. Avengers Endgame Interview Russo Brothers talk last minute edits Extra Butter 
320. Whoa whoa whoa Why doesn t Falcon have a little emoji thing for Avengers Endgame This ain t right Give S 
321. Going to see tomorrow night in perrysburg Ohio Look around your theater at and you might just see m 
322. Sign up for SCOPE s Avengers Endgame movie trip TONIGHT at PM Link to sign up is on Charger Connection and here 
323. Wait what 
324. The boss at the panel about avengers endgame gzendgame Dave amp Buster s 
325. Finishing up with Phase with MCU Avengers The first with the whole gang ErbysPregameforEndgame 
326. in this podcast she said during her time with twt they asked her to give a message to 
327. Been wondering for a while Brothers and How does Thor get his red cape back after leaving 
328. MCU Schedule as of Avengers Endgame days Spider Man Far From Home days Black Widow Eternals 
329. New interviews for Avengers Endgame 
330. Can t wait for this week to be over because Avengers Endgame next week that s why 
331. If the Stars made it to the second round and a home playoff game was when you had opening weekend Avengers Endgame 
332. New AvengersEndgame TV Spot Reflects On Cap s Journey 
333. Aye i got an Avengers Endgame ticket on deck any takers 
334. The directors of Avengers Endgame are asking fans who may be aware of plot details not to spoil them for others 
335. The directors of Avengers Endgame are asking fans who may be aware of plot details not to spoil them for others 
336. do you know when your non spoiler review embargo lifts for avengers endgame before you even see it 
